 Atul Kumar
Digital Specialist Engineer, HackwithInfy, INFOSYS
  Phone: Address: Email:
+91 7903969086
Line Tank Road , Opposite MG Showroom ,Ranchi, Jharkhand . Pin : 834001 mkdir8@gmail.com
As a highly skilled DevOps and Cloud Engineer with 4.6 years of work experience, I have successfully delivered various applications and solutions utilizing cutting-edge technologies and programming languages. I have expert knowledge in implementing cost effective streamlined deployment, cutting errors by 50% and reducing cycle times by 65%. I am passionate about staying current in the fast-paced software industry and am constantly upgrading my skills to meet new demands. In addition, I am a dedicated team player known for my strong work ethic.
EXPERIENCE
Infosys DevSecOps Platform, Infosys March 2022 to Present
Digital Specialist Engineer
Led a team of 5 Developer and DevOps Engineers to implement a Kubernetes-based production scale platform which increased cluster utilization by 40%.
Instituted robust, secure CI/CD pipelines which streamlined deployment, cutting errors by 50% and reducing cycle times by 65%.
Administered the transformation of tech stack from monolith to microservices, increasing deployment frequency by 60%.
Managed cloud budget resulting in 25% lower cloud costs without service degradation.
Mentored team of engineers leading to their advancement within team roles and increased productivity.
Code Store And Service Store , Infosys 01-July-2019 to 02-March-2022
SES Cloud-Devops Engineer
Designed IAM policies, users, groups to enhance security and streamline access control, reducing unauthorized access incidents.
Developed and implemented S3 bucket policies, safeguarding data in cloud.
Leveraged Cloudwatch for real time monitoring, leading to reduction in response time for critical incidents.
Utilized Athena to analyze large dataset, resulting in reduction in query execution time.
Actively participated in adoption of AWS’s well-Architected framework, integrating role-based security, Okta.
Experienced working with Autosys tool and Apache Airflow
Acquired AWS certification (AWS solutions architect associate), validating comprehensive knowledge in cloud infrastructure and further enhancing professional credibility.
SKILLS
Cloud Technologies: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Cloud Security, Cloud Networking, Cloud Databases System : Linux , Windows, MacOS
DevOps Tools: Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform ,JFrog, SonarQube
Programming & Scripting: Python,JavaScript ,Bash,PowerShell
Monitoring & Performance Tools: Prometheus
EDUCATION
          Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder
 
Haldia Institute of Technology
B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering
DGPA : 7.54
Rajo Singh College,B.S.E.B.
Intermediate
Secured: 64.4%
Kisan High School, B.S.E.B.
Matriculation
Secured: 67%
PROJECTS
2015 - 2019
 2013-15
2013
   Developed an open-source container orchestration tool, Automated AWS compliance checks using Python and Boto3 .
Movie Recommendations System Developed by Machine Learning with Python,2019.
Website data is fetching with the help of webscrapping organized by internshala 2018.
OTHERS
Certifications:
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner.
Infosys Certified AWS Cloud Practitioner.
Infosys Certified Quality Certified Engineer.
Infosys Certified in Agile.
Qualified for Hackwithinfy competition conducted by Infosys in 2019. Machine Learning(Basic) with Python.
Cloud Computing NPTEL,2018.
Achievements: Infosys DevSecOps Platform Best in class Product .
Leadership & Volunteering: Chair of the local AWS User Group, Volunteer mentor for DevOps
Projects: Developed an open-source container orchestration tool, Automated AWS compliance checks using Python and Boto3
     Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder
 
