Brief Background

      Having 6 years of relevant experience working as
      AWS consultant, Cloud Engineer, Cloud security analyst, Cloud Infra engineer, laC developer and AWS Devops consultant.

Trainings and Certifications:
    
      AWS Solution Architect Associate from Amazon Web Services
      AWS Security Specialty from AWS
      Hashicorp Terraform Associate from Hashicorp
      Azure Fundamental-AZ-900 Certification from Microsoft Azure.

Tools / Skillsets: AWS

      •  ComputingServices:EC2, ECS,Autoscaling,Lambda, Elastic Bean Stalk.
      •  StorageServices: S3,EBS,EFS,AWS Backup,S3 Glacier.
      •  Network Services : VPC, Route 53, CloudFront,API Gateway, VPC IP Address manager,
      •  Management Services: AWS Control Tower, AWS Organization, CloudWatch, Cloud Trail, Service Catalog, AWS Config, System Manager.
      .  Security & Identity: IAM, KMS, WAF, SHIELD,Certificate Manager, Secrets Manager, Security Hub, Detective, Guard duty, Inspector, Macie, Firewall Manger 
      .  Application & Dev : SQS, SNS, Step Functions, Event Bridge, Code commit ,Code Build, CodeDeploy, Code pipeline, Code star connections.
      •  Automation :Terraform, CloudFormation & Ansible.
      •  CICD :Jenkins, Code pipeline, Git labs.
      •  Version Control :Git, Code Commit, Bit Bucket.
      •  Monitoring :Grafana, Kibana, New Relic, Cloud Watch
      .  Management :Azure DevOps, Atlassian and Confluence.
      •  OS/Containers :Linux, Windows, Docker.

Educational Background:

        Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering- 2019

Recent Engagement Highlights: Key highlights of his AWS Consultant /Cloud security experience/expertise

          Participated in planning, implementation and growth of our infrastructure on Amazon Web Services.
          Managed Network security using Load Balancer, Auto Scaling, Security Group and Network access control list.
          Defined and deployed monitoring, metrics, and logging systems on AWS.
          Provisioned the environment using Terraform open source and using Cloud Formation.
          Migrated the applications from other vendor to AWS cloud using lambda
          Expertise on AWS Glue platform for creating ETL jobs and integrations.
          Have worked on the configuring the VPC, Nat gateway, Internet Gateway and subnet creation and route table configuration.
          Expertise in configuring the storage services like S3, EFS.
          Expertise in DNS service ROUTE 53 like, creating the records and configuring the routing policy.
          Experienced in working with Security division to design and manage IAM roles for users, vendors and other third-party vendors.
          Experienced in working with software developers, security experts, to design and build applications within AWS.
          Developed and managed AWS Control Tower Landing zone for a multi account environment.
          Managed AWS Organization for creating different Organization units for different environment.
          Developed and managed the AWS AFT - Account Factory for Terraform for New account creation and Account Customization.
          Developed and managed Firewall Manager Policy for enterprise level to protect ELB,API Gateway and ClouFront across member accounts from Audit account in Control Tower.
          Created and Managed Centralized Security Hub in Audit account, by making it has a delegated Administrator.
          Expertise in Creating security posture Architecture for AWS workloads.
          Worked on various Security remediations and security gaps in a existing environment to improve the security.


